I'm not someone who doesn't know right and wrong
I hope you don't keep targeting him.
Muzhizhi
I won't make you feel better
I'll go first, you can follow up on this data, eh?
Okay. Why are you leaving in such a hurry?
I have to catch a bus, our school is remote
Only one car goes directly
I can't go back after 7 o'clock. New model.
you
Why are you?
Have you handed in the financial statements?
No, don't you want it tomorrow afternoon?
Oh, I forgot.
But colleagues should love each other
Or you can stay
Wait for our other colleagues.
Well you did it on purpose
Right.
I just did it on purpose, what can you do to me?
No and it's 18:58 now
What about your car?
We're leaving in two minutes
Guess if you can make it?
Good luck.
What do you do?
If you can't go back to school tonight, there's nowhere to go
Otherwise go home
No, my aunt will definitely eat me when I go back
But if you go to a hotel
I have no living expenses this month
Mr. Chen, get in the car!
I don't want to say the same thing again. Hmm.